# Sub build: Meego/TestScripts 
add_subdirectory(Meego/TestScripts)

# Sub build: Meego/art-tests
add_subdirectory(Meego/art-tests)

# Sub build: Meego/bug-tests
add_subdirectory(Meego/bug-tests)

# Sub build: Meego/functests
add_subdirectory(Meego/functests)

# Sub build: Meego/perftests
add_subdirectory(Meego/perftests)

# Sub build: Harmattan/TestApps/creds 
add_subdirectory(Harmattan/TestApps/creds)

# Sub build: Harmattan/TestScripts
add_subdirectory(Harmattan/TestScripts)

# Sub build: Harmattan/art-tests
add_subdirectory(Harmattan/art-tests)

# Sub build: Harmattan/bug-tests
add_subdirectory(Harmattan/bug-tests)

# Sub build: Harmattan/functests
add_subdirectory(Harmattan/functests)

# Sub build: Harmattan/perftests
add_subdirectory(Harmattan/perftests)

# Sub build: Common/unittests
add_subdirectory(Common/unittests)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/fala_status
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/fala_status)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/testapp
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/testapp)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/themetest
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/themetest)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/fala_gettime
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/fala_gettime)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/fala_gettime_ms
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/fala_gettime_ms)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/fala_multi-instance
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/fala_multi-instance)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/helloworld
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/helloworld)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/pixelchanged
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/pixelchanged)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/fala_windowid
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/fala_windowid)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/xsendevent
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/xsendevent)

# Sub build: Common/TestApps/fala_qml_helloworld
add_subdirectory(Common/TestApps/fala_qml_helloworld)
